Fix - Update SDK docs (#1047)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: next/docs/iota-sdk/docs/how-tos/outputs/features.mdx

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import AccountClient from '../../_admonitions/_account-client.md';

The Stardust protocol introduced
[multiple new output features](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/develop/explanations/what-is-stardust/output-features/)
that allow you to add [metadata](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/develop/explanations/what-is-stardust/output-features/#metadata),
a [sender](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/develop/explanations/what-is-stardust/output-features/#sender)
(or [issuer](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/develop/explanations/what-is-stardust/output-features/#issuer) in the case of
[NFTs](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/develop/explanations/what-is-stardust/tokenization/#non-fungible-tokens-nfts)) to
outputs or [tag](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/develop/explanations/what-is-stardust/output-features/#tag) them by adding
some small indexation data to the output.

<AccountClient />

:::info Output Features

> Different outputs can have different features. This table shows you which output has which features. You can find the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each output variant has a different set of available features. The below table outlines this relationship. You can find the
```
